{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here\'92s a quick little one pot pasta I\'92ve been making lately with my leftover veggies. You can literally add in whatever you have on hand and it creates a tasty one pot meal with tons of color, flavor, and texture. It may not be revolutionary, but I think sometimes it helps to see what quick meals other people are making and this One Pot Veggie Pasta is my latest go-to quick fix. :)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 USE YOUR LEFTOVERS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 As far as one pot pasta goes, this recipe isn\'92t that revolutionary, but I love it for one main reason\'97it\'92s perfect for using up leftovers. Got two carrots left? Or maybe a half of a bell pepper. A handful of mushrooms? How about that partial bag of broccoli florets hiding the back of your freezer? They can all go in this super quick one pot pasta! The more colors and textures the merrier.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 USE YOUR FAVORITE SAUCE\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 Convenience is the name of the game with this quick weeknight pasta dish, so I used a jar of pasta sauce instead of making my own this time around. You can literally use any red pasta sauce, as long as it\'92s one you know you like. \'85Actually, I bet you could also turn this into a really tasty alfredo! *jots down notes for testing next week*}