{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Guess what time it is! Comfort-food-o\'92clock. And what makes better comfort food than a rich creamy pasta dish, like this One Pot Beef and Mushroom Stroganoff? This is yet another \'93better than the box\'94 meal. It cooks in one easy pot, just like hamburger helper stroganoff, but it\'92s homemade. You\'92re going to want to tuck this recipe into your back pocket for those nights when you\'92re super tired and need an extra comforting meal. :)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 USE ALL BEEF, NO BEEF, OR BOTH!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 I used half ground beef and half mushrooms to stretch my pennies a bit further, but you could do all mushrooms or all beef if you prefer. If you\'92re doing a vegetarian version with all mushrooms, use mushroom or vegetable broth to replace the beef broth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 TIPS FOR \'93ONE POT\'94 SUCCESS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb3 One pot recipes can be a bit tricky for some, so here are some pointers:\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs31 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use heavy, thick cookware to help the ingredients heat evenly.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The broth does\'a0not need to fully cover the noodles for them to cook, so resist the urge to add extra water or broth.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make sure the liquid is simmering the whole time the pasta is cooking. If the heat is too low, the pasta will just get gummy.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stir the pot occasionally to prevent sticking, but not too often or your risk breaking down the pasta.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use your judgment. If your pasta looks close to being cooked through, but there is too much liquid left in the skillet, let it finish simmering with the lid off. If the liquid is gone but your pasta is still not tender, add a splash more water or broth and continue to simmer.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Every piece of cookware and every range top is different, so one pot recipes are a bit like riding a bike. You have to feel it out and find the sweet spot for the equipment you\'92re using.}